Authors: Paul Stasiuk, George K. Thiruvathukal, Konstantin Läufer from the 
Loyola University Chicago Computer Science Department.
CoffeeW8
========

CoffeeW8, a web-interface for the coffee machine located at the reading area of the 
Institute of Informatics, at the University of Bergen. 
You can find the [source code](https://github.com/veiset/CoffeeW8) hosted
publicly on github. Project by [@veiset](https://github.com/veiset) and
[@HaskellElephant](https://github.com/HaskellElephant).

You can find a simple implementation of the CoffeeW8-API in action at [coffee.veiset.org](http://coffee.veiset.org/). 

Table of Contents
-----
* [1 - Introduction](#introduction)
* [2 - Problem Description](#problem-description)
* [3 - Our Goal](#our-goal)
* [4 - Solution](#solution)
* [5 - Directory Structure](#directory-structure)

Introduction
------------

Problem description
-------------------


Our goal
--------

Solution
--------


Directory Structure
-------------------

The directory structure of the lws project is as follows:

lws
--client
---old_dev_code
--server
---old_dev_code
--stylesheets
--test_scripts

The directories are broken down as the follows:
--client-->Code that is explicitly meant to run on the client side(the phidget+host device)
	-->Using virtualenv for development
	-->Dependencies on the pythong Requests framework: http://docs.python-requests.org/en/latest/
--server-->Code that is explicitly meant to run on the server side(whatever hosting/centralized system we create).
	-->Currently this code is deployed and running at lws.at-band-camp.net
	-->Includes the aggregation code
	-->Developed for use with the Flask framework. Inlcudes a wsgi script for wsgi based permeant installs
--old_dev_code --> directories that contain snippets of test code

--stylesheets--> usless,for now. generated by github. takes care of all of styling for the github site
--test_scripts--> scripts used to test various things. normally written as bash scripts, depends on the purpose.
